# WELCOME to the LEWIE-Lite DASHBOARD

On this dashboard, you can run simple simulations to calculate multipliers of a tourism project using a LEWIE-Lite model.  

A LEWIE-Lite model is a multiplier model based on a Social Accounting Matrix (SAM) of the target area.  

## What does the Dashboard display? 
The dashboard is divided into two main panels: 

### The TOP Panel
It shows multipliers of tourism activities in the project area. They represent dollar increases __per dollar of tourist spending__.  

The __Total production multiplier__ is the overall increase value generated in the economy (any goods or services) for each dollar spent by a tourist. 


The __Total income multiplier__ is the dollar increase in household incomes for each dollar of tourist spending.  We also break down this income multiplier in two ways: 
* The total income multiplier can be broken down into:  
    * Accruing to Poor households: Dollar increase in Poor household incomes for each dollar of tourist spending. 
    * Accruing to NonPoor households: Dollar increase in NonPoor household incomes for each dollar of tourist spending. 
* The same total income multiplier can also be broken down into:  
    * Accruing to Labor: Dollar increase in household incomes from use of their Labor (for each dollar of tourist spending) 
    * Accruing to Labor: Dollar increase in household incomes from as a return to Capital (for each dollar of tourist spending) 


### The BOTTOM Panel 
It shows plots of value ($) generated by tourism spending.  These are based on the multipliers, but can be scaled by changing tourist spending. 

* The BOX "__How much tourist spending ($) do you expect?__" is set to $100 by default.  It can be changed to any positive value, and the expected earnings will be shown in the plots. 
(Note that this does not change the multipliers, which are all per-dollar values). 

* The three plots show the returns on __Production__ (split by activity), __Household Incomes__ (split by household type) and __Labor Income__ (split by gender and skill), which would be generated by whatever expected tourist spending value is in the Box.

## How to use the Dashboard? 
The first way to use the dashboard is simply to read and report the multipliers in the top panel.   
The second way to use it is to input any value you want under "__How much tourist spending ($) do you expect?__" to generate expected values of 


## Can I see the SAM? 
All multipliers are based on the SAM displayed in the __DATA__ panel, in the "SAM_RASed" tab. 

The __DATA__ tab also shows all the data that went into constructing the SAM (see below)

## The DATA Tab

<span style="color:red">(will continue filling this later)</span>.
 